I like your tattoos what are those
numbers on your arm oh that's the day my
dad died he was a fireman died in a fire
17 years ago oh my god I'm so sorry
don't be it's fine he's there you can't
focus on Scott anymore honey he's 24
years old Marjorie let that bird
fly please don't worry mom you know your
daughter got smart and went to college
in a band I see but I'm still here I'm
gonna be here forever yeah I want to
become a real tattoo artist your work is
mad and consiste them Obama a right I
love your tattoo is this is my favorite
I've been dating someone for a little
while on them the first guy you date in
17 years as a fireman just like that you
don't think that's weird
you're gonna have to pull your weight a
little more around here maybe help ray
get his kids to school Kelly do you know
him he's a new friend you okay you know
you could tell me okay well I trained
her in the car she's not gonna break you
ever think about putting on the jacket
why would you even ask me that it's fun
being a fireman it's fine if you don't
have kids cuz you don't know if you're
gonna come home and not and then your
kids are up you make everyone
around you feel crazy people are normal
then they hang out with you and then
that Jack Nicholson in the
shining or something Ron Paul
you're like eight feet tall let
me tell you something your dad was a
hero and heroes are necessary and they
should be allowed to have families
you gotta get your together time is
passing by very quickly why do you think
I smoke weed all the time so I could
slow it down
just like everybody's always
disappointed to me and I never live up
to anybody's expectations hey thanks for
listening all this in one of the few
people who treat me you know like a
person
you